name,path,filename
img_bumbleville_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,01_bumbleville.png
img_takemethere_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,02_takeMeThere.png
img_airhead_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,03_Airhead.png
img_volt_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,04_ChevyVolt.png
img_aparecio_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,05_Aparecio.png
img_aquafina_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,06_Aquafina.png
img_colgate_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,07_colgate_scientist.png
img_thompson_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,08_ThompsonReuters.png
img_digitas_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,09_Yahoo_Digitas.png
img_globalfund_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,10_GlobalFund.png
img_successacademy_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,11_SuccessAcademy.png
img_bizzywater_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,12_Bizzywater.png
img_interactiveanimation_thumb,CONTENT620/animation/thumbnails/,18_Interactive.png
,,
img_bumbleville_caption,CAPTION/Animation/,01_bumbleville.png
img_takemethere_caption,,02_takemethere.png
img_airhead_caption,,03_airhead.png
img_volt_caption,,04_chevyvolt.png
img_aparecio_caption,,05_theapareciofoundation.png
img_aquafina_caption,,06_aquafina.png
img_colgate_caption,,07_colgatescientist.png
img_thompson_caption,,08_thompsonreuters.png
img_digitas_caption,,09_yahoodigitas.png
img_globalfund_caption,,10_theglobalfund.png
img_successacademy_caption,,11_thesuccessacademy.png
img_bizzywater_caption,,12_bizzywater.png
img_animation01_captions2,assets/pages/animation,animation01_captions2.png
img_gagl1,assets/main/assets_general/moving/,arrow_l_g.png
img_gagr1,assets/main/assets_general/moving/,arrow_r_g.png
img_gsbb1,assets/main/assets_general/stationary/,semiborder_b.png
,,
img_lovesentence_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,13_LoveSentence.png
img_pristiq_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,14_Pristiq.png
img_abc1_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,15_ABC_car.png
img_abc2_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,16_ABC_Headset.png
img_etrade_thumb,VIDEOS/Video Files For Web/animation/thumbnails,17_eTrade.png
img_lovesentence_caption,,13_lovesentence.png
img_pristiq_caption,,14_pristiq.png
img_abc1_caption,,15_ABCcar.png
img_abc2_caption,,16_ABCheadset.png
img_etrade_caption,,17_etrade.png
img_interactiveanimation_caption,,
img_animation02_captions3,assets/pages/animation,animation02_captions3.png
img_gagl2,assets/main/assets_general/moving/,arrow_l_g.png
img_gagr2,assets/main/assets_general/moving/,arrow_r_g.png
img_gsbb2,assets/main/assets_general/stationary/,semiborder_b.png
,,
,,
img_bumbleville_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,01_bumbleville.png
img_takemethere_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,02_takeMeThere.png
img_airhead_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,03_Airhead.png
img_volt_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,04_ChevyVolt.png
img_aparecio_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,05_Aparecio.png
img_aquafina_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,06_Aquafina.png
img_colgate_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,07_colgate_scientist.png
img_thompson_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,08_ThompsonReuters.png
img_digitas_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,09_Yahoo_Digitas.png
img_globalfund_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,10_GlobalFund.png
img_successacademy_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,11_SuccessAcademy.png
img_bizzywater_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,12_Bizzywater.png
img_lovesentence_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,13_LoveSentence.png
img_pristiq_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,14_Pristiq.png
img_abc1_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,15_ABC_car.png
img_abc2_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,16_ABC_Headset.png
img_etrade_poster,VPOSTERS/Video Poster Images/animation,17_eTrade.png